Also Ted Cruz stood on the Floor continually speaking and answering questions for 21 hours.
I read this as a very good argument for primary reform.
You are nuts. Rubio dropping out won't help Cruz. Cruz has to win it on his own. Rubio's the best candidate by far, and I don't think I would be doing the Republican Party a favor by voting for Cruz who will get killed in November and take the Senate down with him. Cruz can't win Florida or Ohio. Game over.
1) For Iowa, absolutely vote CRUZ.

2) I would argue that we need Rubio in the race to compete with Trump in states where Cruz can't.

This is a 'scorched earth' battle: We need 'an offering' that runs well in every early state, to put Trump down for the count before we break out into the Jacksonian-Democrat deep-south, where Trump will run away with the race if he hasn't been bumped off yet...

Otherwise Trump gets his momentum from NH instead of IA, and you still get the whole 'unoccupied tank rolling down hill in neutral' inertia problem (70 tons of tracked armored vehicle rolling down a hill, without a driver, is about as unstoppable as it gets, FWIW)

If Trump is not critically weakened before SC, we are screwed.

The real spoilers are Jeb/Kaisich/Christie... THEY need to get OUT now...
If splitting the vote is suicide then the same argument can be made for Cruz to quit.
The big problem for Rubio at this point is that his path to the nomination requires threading a very tight needle. If Trump wins Iowa, he will almost certainly win NH, and it will be very difficult for anyone to catch him. But if Cruz wins Iowa, that likely gives him a bounce into 2nd place in NH, and it becomes effectively a two man race. So the best realistic Iowa result for Rubio is probably Cruz-Trump-Rubio, followed by Trump-Rubio-and I'm not sure whether he'd be better served by someone besides Cruz taking third since that would knock down Cruz a bit, but also let another candidate limp along who would likely draw votes from Rubio in SC. But it's going to be very tough for Rubio to beat Cruz in NH if Cruz wins IA. Or another scenario might be for Cruz to win both the first two contests which might knock Trump out and give Rubio a chance to unite the anti-Cruz forces.

Incidentally, Bush, Kasich and Christie all have the same problem, with the additional hurdle that fewer people would choose them over Cruz if their chances appear similar.
Don't just write comments, hit the recommend button folks.
That’s it in a nutshell.
I agree this should be on the front page. Iowa caucus goers are smart, nice outreach.
Please rec and send to streiff or Leon! We need this debate NOW, not a few days from now, we are running out of time to even argue the merits here!
I am sincere about this piece. I would vote Rubio in IOWA with the same logic if the "situational" landscape was reversed.

I actually mean that.

We will not have a debate on the 2 ideal guys if Trump wins Iowa. He will crush all of us. That's not what we want to hear, but it's our cold reality.

I can live with Rubio. Most of his guys, save for the Hedgehog Report moderates that are SETTLING for him since Bush is losing, can live with Cruz.

If you told me the price at this point to stop Trump was to keep Rubio alive and risk them fighting later states until either we decide to back Cruz over purity or back Rubio over total package, I would accept that at once.

Cruz is trying to knock Marco out, he needs him to stop Trump before he can ever get the chance to make the case later on, and vice versa.

Spread the word!
Here's why Rubio would be crazy to follow your advice:

One or two of the polls show Trump with a big lead in Iowa. I think they are outliers, but if true, Cruz is a goner. He put all is chips on Iowa; if he loses, he's finished. Then Rubio likely emerges as the only candidate who can beat Trump.

If, the rest of the polls are more accurate, Cruz shows a slight lead and Trump's ground game is at least questionable. In that case, Cruz is going to win. But Rubio at about 15% and with a chance of ;picking up establishment voters who see that their candidates (Bush, Christie, etc.) do not have a chance, is in an excellent position to exceed expectations. What do you think would happen if Cruz won and Rubio edged out Trump for second? That would be the surprise of the night. Suddenly, Trump would look like a YUGE LOSER.

And Rubio would head into New Hampshire with a worst case scenario of a second straight second place finish.

Rubio is not going anywhere and neither are his Iowa supporters.
Cruz has not put all his chips in Iowa. He has put a lot of work into the south and can return there to build on the foundation he has.
If Cruz loses Iowa after leading there, if all the social conservative support is not enough, he will fade very fast. Incidentally, I expect Cruz to win and Trump to do worse than expected because Trump lacks a real GOTV structure.

But if Trump beats Cruz after Cruz surged in Iowa, Cruz's candidacy will be mortally wounded.
Rubio will not edge Trump out for 2nd.

You have to put the better good first here.

The polls are not showing he's going to do that in time. Trump was back of Cruz and is now gaining fast and nearly tying. He's either winning it or coming in a more modest 2nd or a close one.

In no way is Rubio likely to beat Trump on 2nd.

Rubio guys helping Cruz pad his edge here helps derail Trump, but vote splitting on contest one is suicide in this case, due to Trump's momo and media megaphone and coverage.

So, if his people vote Cruz now only once, they might live to fight him later one on one, with the Establishment going to bat for Rubio to knock off Cruz if they can. A win-win for everyone but Trump...
Rubio can beat Trump for 2nd, if Trump's independent-and-Democrat voting-base stays home.

And Trump has no GOTV.

IA & NH will be key tests of how well Trump actually drives turnout vs just driving poll numbers.
5555! It's time to show Sideshow Donald the REAL "Art of the Deal".

I'm still not convinced he wants to BE president, as much as he wants to be CALLED president (be careful what you wish for). Further, I still have my doubts that when he realizes how much he'll have to put in a blind trust away from his children, he may seriously reconsider.

If elected, the damage to the Republican brand and conservatism by tRump would be far, far worse than Bush, McCain and Romney as presidents combined.
Because I'm pedantic and because I generally post my diaries in the "open letter" style, I must point out this is an open letter about Rubio supporters as much as an open letter to Rubio supporters.

Pedantic nitpick notwithstanding: reco'd.

We can infer from the increasing frequency leaks about the investigation into Hillary Clinton purloining US government secrets and storing them on a private server, a server that was provided with neither physical nor cyber security, that was accessible to her cronies in the Clinton Foundation, that said investigation is gathering steam and may be approaching a climax.

Just a brief recap.

Two days ago, the Intelligence Community Inspector General, aka IC IG, reported that “several dozen” documents classified CONFIDENTIAL and higher had been found on Clinton’s server. Some of those documents were TOP SECRET and additionally classified as “special access programs”, or SAP, which is used to protect the most sensitive US intelligence. And we were told that these new TOP SECRET documents were not the same two documents that were revealed last summer.

Anonymous sources, which I suspect are centered around State Department fixer and Clinton consigliere, Patrick Kennedy, began leaking that the IC IG had mindlessly classified newspaper accounts that happened to refer to material that was already classified. They have already tried this once before, an anonymous source claimed that the first two documents had been erroneously classified at a high level.

Then the Clinton campaign accused the IC IG, an Obama administration political appointee, of colluding with GOP senators to embarrass Clinton. Though it seems like the Clinton campaign may have decided that particular dog just wasn’t going to hunt:
This story is totally bulls***. One doesn’t know whether the NBC reporter is simply acting as a stenographer or is deliberately passing on misleading information. There are no possible set of circumstances where anyone is going to point to open source information, like from a magazine account, appearing in an otherwise unclassified email and say it is TOP SECRET and not only not stop there but further compromise the collection source. That anyone could believe this beggars the imagination. That simply is not how the system works. When classified material appears in a public source you do everything possible to not draw attention to it.

This is simply the same coterie of Hillary Clinton defenders blowing smoke up the butts of completely compromised and credulous reporters. The next clip shows how profoundly stupid the proffered defense is:
Ummm, yeah. It does.

To believe the story the anonymous Clinton supporters are spinning you have to believe that the IC IG is willing to compromise highly secret collection sources and methods for the sole purpose of bringing down Hillary Clinton. There is no way possible the manager of any TS/SCI-code word program is going to read into the program random members of Congress in order to show them information that was gleaned from the pages of the New York Times or similar publication. It is not going to happen.
No. The information Hillary Clinton possessed (and the next time I read “it is unclear if Clinton sent or received the information” as though that was exculpatory, I will scream) was not innocuous. It was highly sensitive. It was sent over an unsecure system. It was stored on a device that was vulnerable not only to hacking and theft, but the device was configured to give unauthorized individuals access to the information.

Hillary Clinton may end up being “too big to jail.” But that isn’t because she doesn’t belong there.
At a rally in New Hampshire today, Sen. Jeanne Shaheen bragged about how Hillary Clinton handled and withstood the Benghazi hearings, getting a loud crowd response and thrilled laughter from Secretary Clinton, because what is more amusing an anecdote than answering for American casualties, am I right?
Each time the crowd gleefully shouting back “NO!” as Hillary laughs it up.

Hey Senator Shaheen, nobody else in this race, Republican or Democrat, would have been before that committee, or any committee, because they didn’t blow it on Benghazi costing American lives. They didn’t cover it up. They didn’t lie to the victims’ families. This is what you think is fertile campaign ground? “Hey guys, look how awesome Hillary is at having to stand and answer for major screw-ups!” Wow, what a selling point!

What’s the calculus Americans are supposed to make? That Clintons are the very best at withstanding legal proceedings against them? “After all, it took Bill a long time to fold in that ‘meaning of is’ snafu.”

And how about going after Sanders? He’s too old and frail to answer questions for a few hours? Hey at least they’re focusing on policy and substance right? Democrats, as you know, are very serious and respectful and concerned about tone. They’d never go birther on Obama or bring up someone’s age. They’re above it right? RIGHT???

Wrong. Just look at Hillary. She just can’t stop making lemonade out of poor Ambassador Steven’s lemons, can she?
Trump has already picked up the endorsement of virtually every prominent liberal Republican in the Senate, but this latest endorsement may well push him over the top in the minds of many Republican voters. Forget Sarah Palin, Donald Trump has found an even bigger star to tout his cause, and the case she makes is pretty compelling.
For a guy who is trying desperately to run as an outsider who wants to fix a corrupt system, Trump gives off the aura of a born and bred member of the the Establishment who uses his money to buy influence. Back when he was a liberal Democrat, that would be about a year ago, he contributed heavily to liberal causes and progressive politicians.
When you look at who is lining up to support Trump and his business practices it is obvious that Trump is the quintessential Establishment insider gulling the credulous into voting for him because he says he is an outsider.
There’s a lot of crazy stuff out there in the polling right now, and savvy consumers of polling should know better than to put too much stock in any single poll, or for that matter to get too carried away with primary polls, which have always been volatile and often been wrong. Still, some things in the polling bear watching, and the latest Suffolk New Hampshire poll of the Democratic race features a gender gap so massive it should set off alarm bells for Hillary Clinton not just in the primary but potentially the general election.

Overall, the poll shows Hillary down 9 to Bernie Sanders in New Hampshire, 50-41, which underlines the likelihood that Bernie has New Hampshire locked up, but is more realistic and less grisly for Hillary than the headline-grabbing 60-33 walloping reported by the recent CNN/ORC poll. Looking at the poll’s internal breakdowns, we see that Hillary’s “you go, girl” appeal to female voters is what’s keeping her in the game, as she has a significant 17-point lead among women, 54-37.

By journalistic conventions we’re supposed to call this a “gender gap” problem for Sanders, except that his lead among men is massively larger than Hillary’s among women – among male voters, Bernie beats Hillary 67-25, a ridiculous 42-point margin and one that is likely to set off new rounds of hand-wringing about the commitment to feminism of the “Bernie bro” voters (no, really, this is a thing). That’s not a gender gap, it’s a gender gulf. Nate Cohn noted a similar split the other day in one of the Iowa polls asking about perceptions of the candidates’ likelihood of winning the election.

Martin O’Malley also gets 8% of men in the poll, but just 1% of the ladies. If you include O’Malley, Hillary is up 54-38 with women, but down 75-25 among men. Fifty points.

Suffolk, by the way, is one of the more reputable New Hampshire pollsters, in a state that is notoriously rotten with bad polling due in part to its vast and unpredictable pool of independents. The poll has a lopsided gender split overall – 57% women, 43% men, and surprisingly no other options provided – but that mirrors the 2008 New Hampshire primary, when the Democratic primary electorate was 57% female (and the Republican electorate 57% male). The gender gap was real but less extreme then, as Hillary beat Obama and John Edwards in New Hampshire by winning women with 46% vs 34/15 Obama/Edwards while losing men with 29% vs 40/19 Obama/Edwards.

Assuming she’s the nominee (still a safe assumption), Hillary will have real appeal to some female voters on gender alone; this and her massive name recognition are almost the entire basis of her candidacy, which is certainly not based on any accomplishments in public life or great political skill on the trail. But if even Democratic men are easily peeled away from her in such massive numbers, a male GOP candidate – especially a vigorous young candidate like Cruz or Rubio – could expose quite how badly she turns off men.
One of the things that used to be neat about being an American citizen is that you could travel abroad relatively secure in the knowledge that the tinpot dictators of the third world hellholes of planet Earth would almost certainly not mess with you because messing with American citizens was contraindicated to their long term survival.
A co op that is run by private investors is not a co op, it’s an insurance company. This is an admission that the co ops are a total failure and were not able to compete with private insurers even in the warped marketplace created by Obamacare.

I am not really sure why a private insurance company would want to buy one of these co ops that is currently hemorrhaging money like it was a Trump casino in Atlantic City, but I wish the government all the best of luck with that.

Of course, the failure of these co ops is more than just an indication of the failure of the Obamacare business model – it is a complete rejection of the leftist worldview, and particularly the worldview of socialists like Bernie Sanders. The entire theory of these co ops is that by propping them up with massive government loans and making them non-profit entities, they would provide health insurance so cheaply that the private sector insurers would have to compete aggressively with them.

But even with the massive thumbs the government had on the scales in favor of the co ops, they were still completely unable to compete in the free market against private entities. this is conclusive proof, for any who want to see it, that the government is categorically worse at providing virtually every service that you can think of than the private sector is.
Donald Trump simply isn’t credible as a proponent of Constitutional liberty, prosperity, and security. He’s spent a career praising and donating to Democrats including Bill Clinton, Hillary Clinton, Rahm Emanuel, and Bill de Blasio. He’s even bragged about greasing the skids in that way.

He’d have us believe that now, all of a sudden, he would oppose the things all these people stand for. I don’t believe it, and I have no reason to believe it.
I give these reasons in no particular order, but the next on the list is that Trump would fund mass infanticide. Yes, Trump would fund the baby butchers of Planned Parenthood, because he thinks there are “good” parts to what they do. This is a monstrous act, making him indistinguishable from the evils of Barack Obama and Hillary Clinton on this critical issue.

How we treat the most vulnerable of us reflects on all of us. Tolerance for abortion on demand reflects a lack of character. That’s why Republicans rejected Rudy Giuliani and his New York abortion values, and that’s why we must reject Donald Trump.
Donald Trump is a cronyist who opposes property rights. He thinks that government should be able to take property from ordinary Americans, in order to give it to well-connected land developers like himself. This was the issue in the Supreme Court case Kelo v. New London, and Donald Trump is entirely in favor of it.

This kind of corruption, where liberty gives away to big government handing out favors, is corrosive of the rule of law, and defies our right enshrined in the Constitution.
Generously put, Donald Trump is an eccentric. From talking up how he’d date his daughter Ivanka Trump, to posing kissing Rudy Giuliani with the latter in drag, to posting on Twitter like an insane boor, the man shows the kind of unstable, erratic behavior that marks him unsuitable for high office.

Throw in the fact that he can’t seem to keep it in his pants. He has a history of serially marrying, sleeping around, then divorcing his wife to marry his mistress. A man who can’t stay honest and faithful to his own wife, isn’t going to stay honest and faithful to the voters and the nation. We already learned this from Bill Clinton. We don’t need to learn it again.
A man given to conspiracy theory shows himself detached from intelligent, rational thought and analysis. Donald Trump is a conspiracy theorists who pushed the insane, ignorant theory that Barack Obama’s birth certificate was faked, right up until Obama posterized him by releasing his ‘long form’ certificate. Trump has repeated the lunacy by making a similar birther attack against Ted Cruz.

This is not a man of stable, credible intellect. He’s unfit to be President.
It’s hard to tell for sure whether Trump is a plain old racist, a devoted White Nationalist, or simply likes to pander to Nazis. But he’s been making overtures to them. His “Mexican rapist” rhetoric was fine-tuned to appeal to White Nationalists, who firmly believe in the stereotype of rapacious dark-skinned people. Then when he floated a racial slur and a sexual predator attack against Ben Carson, all doubt was removed.

Donald Trump has chosen to tap into the fears and hate of the eWNuchs, the White Nationalists who have deep-seated fears that they simply lack the raw masculinity of men from the global south. They fear being outbred and simply outclassed by Latin American and African men, even as they see their beloved Europe sinking into the miasma of childless socialism.

This has lead to the explosion of the word ‘cuck’ online directed against conservatives, particularly against those who oppose abortion of Latin and African babies. He started this, he started it on purpose, and he must be held to account for it.

I want America great for all Americans, not just Europeans with divided loyalties. I can never support Trump.
